README & info.xml: Add ethical AI rating (#24)
nextcloud/integration_openai: README.md

# OpenAI integration in Nextcloud

This app includes 3 custom smart pickers for Nextcloud:
* ChatGPT answers
* DALL·E 2 images
* Whisper dictation

It also implements

> * a Translation provider (using ChatGPT)
> * a SpeechToText provider (using Whisper)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Translation provider (using ChatGPT)
* A SpeechToText provider (using Whisper)
```

Uppercase start for bullet points...?

Instead of connecting to the OpenAI API for these, you can also connect to a self-hosted LocalAI instance.

## Ethical AI Rating
### Rating for ChatGPT via OpenAI API: 🔴

Negative:
* the software for training and inference of this model is proprietary, limiting running it locally or training by yourself
* the trained model is not freely available, so the model can not be run on-premises

> * the training data is not freely available, limiting the ability of external parties to check and correct for bias or optimise the model’s performance and CO2 usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the training data is not freely available, limiting the ability of external parties to check and correct for bias or optimise the model's performance and CO2 usage.
```
Nitpicking :grin: Any reason to not use the classic simple quote?

### Rating for DALL·E via OpenAI API: 🔴

Negative:
* the software for training and inferencing of this model is proprietary, limiting running it locally or training by yourself
* the trained model is not freely available, so the model can not be ran on-premises
* the training data is not freely available, limiting the ability of external parties to check and correct for bias or optimise the model’s performance and CO2 usage.

### Rating for Whisper via OpenAI API: 🟡

Positive:
* the software for training and inferencing of this model is open source

> * the trained model is freely available, and thus can be ran on-premises

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The trained model is freely available, and thus can run on-premise
```
Just a suggestion.
